

*Find the mistakes and correct them.

My firts visit to Singapore

My first visit to Singapore was a visit to remember.
I go there with my friends Eddy to attend youth conference.
We arrived lately to Harbourfront because we did not got an earlier fly.
Upon arriving we are very confusing and nervous because there were no one to picks us up.
Later we obtain some instructions of how could we get to Expo where the conference were being holded.
We was asked to take the Mass Rapid Transit (MRT), but the problem was that it was the first time we go to Singapore and we didn't really knew what to expect.

We walked out of Harbourfront like two silly guy with suitcase. We have no idea where could we find the MRT station. Luckily, I saw Indian security guard and ask them where could we find the nearest MRT. I am quite shock because he spoke very fastly. hardly catch a single word. Honestly, I do not really understand what did he say, in fact, I just looked to his gestures when he pointed the way we need to go.

We finally manage to find the MRT station after ask some more peoples, but the adventure had not finish yet. When they entered the station, they didn't know what to do. The station were very crowded. After observing what people do, we began to understand the way it works. First, we went to the ticket machine, insert some money and get two one way tickets, Next, we saw the map posting on the wall and tried to understand them. Then, we tap the electronic ticket and walked into the waiting area. Finally, our MRT comes and we rode them to the Expo station.

I would loved to say that it is the end of the story, but it isn't. The real problem occur when we want to exit the Expo station. We tap the cards, but we could not passed the gate. I tapped it again, but it didn't worked. My friend saw a small side doors and immediately walk through it. Suddenly an officer appears and calls my friends. We were shocked. embarrassing and afraid of. I nervously explained to hers what has happened. She explained the problem to we. She tells us that the amount of money in our cards were not enough, so we had to pays some more moneys in order to pass the gate. We paid the money and tapped the card again. Before leaving, said, "Sorry, it is the first time." She smiles and replies, "It's okay."

Finally, we get to Expo where the conference is being held, we felt so relieve when we meet our friends there. We told him about the incident. They bursted into laughter when they hear the story. I often smiled when remember the incident. I will always remember what happens that day.
We finally manage to find the MRT station after ask some more peoples, but the adventure had not finish yet. When they entered the station, they didn't know what to do. The station were very crowded. After observing what people do, we began to understand the way it works. First, we went to the ticket machine, insert some money and get two one way tickets, Next, we saw the map posting on the wall and tried to understand them. Then, we tap the electronic ticket and walked into the waiting area. Finally, our MRT comes and we rode them to the Expo station.

I would loved to say that it is the end of the story, but it isn't. The real problem occur when we want to exit the Expo station. We tap the cards, but we could not passed the gate. I tapped it again, but it didn't worked. My friend saw a small side doors and immediately walk through it. Suddenly an officer appears and calls my friends. We were shocked. embarrassing and afraid of. I nervously explained to hers what has happened. She explained the problem to we. She tells us that the amount of money in our cards were not enough, so we had to pays some more moneys in order to pass the gate. We paid the money and tapped the card again. Before leaving, said, "Sorry, it is the first time." She smiles and replies, "It's okay."

Finally, we get to Expo where the conference is being held, we felt so relieve when we meet our friends there. We told him about the incident. They bursted into laughter when they hear the story. I often smiled when remember the incident. I will always remember what happens that day.
